Shopify documentation now reflects v1.3.0 settings (#6864)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: marketplace-and-integrations/integrations/shopify.md

The authorization controller uses the `window.postMessage` interface for cross-window communications when redirecting from the Shopify authorization server.

### CacheLevel

> Added in version 1.3.0 of the integration. The property cache level by default is set to `Snapshot` this can mean sites utilising this integration can hit rate limits on the Shopify Admin API. More information on rate limits is found here [Shopify Rate Limits](https://shopify.dev/docs/api/usage/rate-limits). The default value `Snapshot` has been retained for backwards compatibility.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Added in version 1.3.0 of the integration.

The property cache level is set to `Snapshot` by default. This means that sites utilizing this integration can hit rate limits on the Shopify Admin API. More information on rate limits can be found in the Shopify Development Documentation under [Shopify Rate Limits](https://shopify.dev/docs/api/usage/rate-limits). The default value `Snapshot` has been retained for backward compatibility.
```

> The values available are:
> - `Unknown`
> - `Element`
> - `Elements`
> - `None`
> - Default value is `Snapshot`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The values available are:

- `Snapshot` (default)
- `Unknown`
- `Element`
- `Elements`
- `None`
```

> The values correlate to the values available for property caching. More information on property caching is available here [Property Cache Level](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cms/10.latest/extending/property-editors/property-value-converters#propertycachelevel-getpropertycachelevel-ipublishedpropertytype-propertytype).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The values correlate to the values available for property caching. More information on property caching is available in the [Property Cache Level](https://docs.umbraco.com/umbraco-cms/10.latest/extending/property-editors/property-value-converters#propertycachelevel-getpropertycachelevel-ipublishedpropertytype-propertytype) article.
```
